# toydata

Mice Protein Expression Data Set 
https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Mice+Protein+Expression
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/maskot1977/ipython_notebook/master/toydata/MiceProteinExpressionDataSet.csv

seeds Data Set 
https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/seeds
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/maskot1977/ipython_notebook/master/toydata/seeds_dataset.txt

Drug consumption (quantified) Data Set 
https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Drug+consumption+%28quantified%29
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/maskot1977/ipython_notebook/master/toydata/drug_consumption.data

AAAI 2013 Accepted Papers Data Set 
https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/AAAI+2013+Accepted+Papers
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/maskot1977/ipython_notebook/master/toydata/%5BUCI%5D%20AAAI-13%20Accepted%20Papers%20-%20Papers.csv

AAAI 2014 Accepted Papers Data Set 
https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/AAAI+2014+Accepted+Papers
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/maskot1977/ipython_notebook/master/toydata/%5BUCI%5D%20AAAI-14%20Accepted%20Papers%20-%20Papers.csv

banknote authentication Data Set 
https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/banknote+authentication
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/maskot1977/ipython_notebook/master/toydata/data_banknote_authentication.txt

Concrete Slump Test Data Set 
https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Concrete+Slump+Test
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/maskot1977/ipython_notebook/master/toydata/slump_test.data

Energy efficiency Data Set 
https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Energy+efficiency
https://github.com/maskot1977/ipython_notebook/blob/master/toydata/ENB2012_data.xlsx

Acute Inflammations Data Set 
https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Acute+Inflammations
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/maskot1977/ipython_notebook/master/toydata/diagnosis.data

Car Evaluation Data Set 
https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Car+Evaluation
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/maskot1977/ipython_notebook/master/toydata/car.data

Breast Cancer Data Set 
https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Breast+Cancer
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/maskot1977/ipython_notebook/master/toydata/breast-cancer.data

Breast Tissue Data Set 
https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Breast+Tissue
https://github.com/maskot1977/ipython_notebook/blob/master/toydata/BreastTissue.xls

Haberman's Survival Data Set 
https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Haberman%27s+Survival
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/maskot1977/ipython_notebook/master/toydata/haberman.data

Hepatitis Data Set 
https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Hepatitis
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/maskot1977/ipython_notebook/master/toydata/hepatitis.data

Lung Cancer Data Set 
https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Lung+Cancer
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/maskot1977/ipython_notebook/master/toydata/lung-cancer.data

Lymphography Data Set 
https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Lymphography
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/maskot1977/ipython_notebook/master/toydata/lymphography.data

Mammographic Mass Data Set 
https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Mammographic+Mass
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/maskot1977/ipython_notebook/master/toydata/mammographic_masses.data

Parkinson Dataset with replicated acoustic features Data Set 
https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Parkinson+Dataset+with+replicated+acoustic+features+
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/maskot1977/ipython_notebook/master/toydata/ReplicatedAcousticFeatures-ParkinsonDatabase.csv

Parkinsons Data Set 
https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Parkinsons
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/maskot1977/ipython_notebook/master/toydata/parkinsons.data

Parkinsons Telemonitoring Data Set 
https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Parkinsons+Telemonitoring
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/maskot1977/ipython_notebook/master/toydata/parkinsons_updrs.data

Physicochemical Properties of Protein Tertiary Structure Data Set 
https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Physicochemical+Properties+of+Protein+Tertiary+Structure
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/maskot1977/ipython_notebook/master/toydata/CASP.csv

Post-Operative Patient Data Set 
https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Post-Operative+Patient
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/maskot1977/ipython_notebook/master/toydata/post-operative.data

Primary Tumor Data Set 
https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Primary+Tumor
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/maskot1977/ipython_notebook/master/toydata/primary-tumor.data

Sponge Data Set 
https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Sponge
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/maskot1977/ipython_notebook/master/toydata/sponge.data

Statlog (Heart) Data Set 
https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Statlog+%28Heart%29
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/maskot1977/ipython_notebook/master/toydata/heart.dat

Zoo Data Set 
https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Zoo
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/maskot1977/ipython_notebook/master/toydata/zoo.data

Auto MPG Data Set 
https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Auto+MPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/maskot1977/ipython_notebook/master/toydata/auto-mpg.data

BuddyMove Data Set Data Set 
https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/BuddyMove+Data+Set
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/maskot1977/ipython_notebook/master/toydata/buddymove_holidayiq.csv

Flags Data Set 
https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Flags
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/maskot1977/ipython_notebook/master/toydata/flag.data

Lenses Data Set 
https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Lenses
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/maskot1977/ipython_notebook/master/toydata/lenses.data

QSAR biodegradation Data Set 
https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/QSAR+biodegradation
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/maskot1977/ipython_notebook/master/toydata/biodeg.csv

StoneFlakes Data Set 
https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/StoneFlakes
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/maskot1977/ipython_notebook/master/toydata/StoneFlakes.dat

Tarvel Review Ratings Data Set 
https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Tarvel+Review+Ratings
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/maskot1977/ipython_notebook/master/toydata/google_review_ratings.csv

Teaching Assistant Evaluation Data Set 
https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Teaching+Assistant+Evaluation
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/maskot1977/ipython_notebook/master/toydata/tae.data

Travel Reviews Data Set 
https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Travel+Reviews
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/maskot1977/ipython_notebook/master/toydata/tripadvisor_review.csv

Blood Transfusion Service Center Data Set 
https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Blood+Transfusion+Service+Center
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/maskot1977/ipython_notebook/master/toydata/transfusion.data

Daily Demand Forecasting Orders Data Set 
https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Daily+Demand+Forecasting+Orders
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/maskot1977/ipython_notebook/master/toydata/Daily_Demand_Forecasting_Orders.csv

default of credit card clients Data Set 
https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/default+of+credit+card+clients
https://github.com/maskot1977/ipython_notebook/blob/master/toydata/default%20of%20credit%20card%20clients.xls

Eco-hotel Data Set 
https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Eco-hotel
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/maskot1977/ipython_notebook/master/toydata/dataset-CalheirosMoroRita-2017.csv

Facebook Live Sellers in Thailand Data Set 
https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Facebook+Live+Sellers+in+Thailand
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/maskot1977/ipython_notebook/master/toydata/Live.csv

Las Vegas Strip Data Set 
https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Las+Vegas+Strip
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/maskot1977/ipython_notebook/master/toydata/LasVegasTripAdvisorReviews-Dataset.csv
